It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.